Oh, pretty butterfly
Where have you gone?
- Are you ready to fly?
- Ready!
We're flying!
One, two, three!
Be careful!
Don't forget to eat!
Dad, when I grow up...
I want to be a nurse, like Mom.
Kartika, you should be a doctor.
Yes.
Ms Ani, Daddy didn't come home last night.
Don't you watch television?
Dodo Rozak committed breaking and entering.
The defendant was also involved
in brutal murder...
Daddy!
I'm Dodo Rozak.
I'm 175 kilocentimeters.
Wait, wait!
He's on death row.
You know what happens
to criminals in this place?
Prison life is tough.
We have to work out a lot.
Now we're brothers.
I have to be nice to people...
So people will be nice to me, too.
- What do you want?
- My daughter.
Daddy!
Is it true that you
murdered Melati Wibisono?
I'm not a bad guy, Sir.
Dodo, you have to make sacrifices.
Including your life.
- Never forget, okay?
- Forget about what?
Never forget about me.
One.
Two.
Three!
I want to go with you!